Privacy Policy
iCoffee Tech Limited (iCoffee) operates a website icoffee.app (Website) and makes an application available for download to certain devices (iCoffee Application).

iCoffee gives you the ability to connect with your favourite coffee shops as well as a wide range of businesses that have also connected with iCoffee (iCoffee Businesses) to receive special offers or join loyalty programs and to track and manage the points you’ve earned (iCoffee Benefits) with the convenience of having one loyalty card (iCoffee Loyalty Card) or by using the iCoffee Application.

1. Information We Collect
We gather various information about iCoffee Members, including:

personal information such as, your name, email, phone number(s), birthday, and Facebook and/or Google usernames;
personal information gathered in connection with using various iCoffee Benefits which iCoffee may, from time to time, make available to you at the Website or within the iCoffee Application;
where you have downloaded the iCoffee Application, device information such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information including phone number;
location information determined by way of various technologies, some of which may be made available through third party licensors;
information collected through your use of the iCoffee Application and the iCoffee Loyalty Card at the iCoffee Businesses, such as the amount of your purchase, the frequency of your purchase and the points collected by you;
information collected through your use of the iCoffee Application to save and redeem offers made available by iCoffee Businesses (iCoffee Offers), such as the kind of iCoffee Offers you use and the times and places at which you redeem iCoffee Offers;
personal information, provided to us by you through any other method (including without limitation correspondence and discussions);
information collected by us through click tracking in relation to your use of the Website, including the content you upload and the content you access; and
aggregated data, which tracks traffic to the Website and cookies, which are pieces of information transferred to your computer hard drive for record keeping (such as your preferences on our Website).
2. How Your Information is Used
If you participate in an online activity on the Website and/or iCoffee Application, your personal information will only be used for the purposes of that online activity, unless you otherwise provide us with your consent.
Any personal information you provide may be used for the following purposes:

to send you periodic emails that you have subscribed to through your nominated email address;
unless you select otherwise, to send you emails or otherwise alert you using the social media platforms that you have agreed to receive such alerts on to various opportunities or offers available at the Website or iCoffee Application or at a iCoffee Business (or such subset of iCoffee Businesses as you may advise us of from time to time);
unless you select otherwise, to send you emails or notifications, or otherwise alert you using the social media platforms that you have agreed to receive such alerts on, regarding iCoffee Offers that are available on the Website and/or the iCoffee Application;
unless you select otherwise, to provide to iCoffee Businesses (or such subset of iCoffee Businesses as you may advise us of from time to time) so that those businesses may send you emails or otherwise alert you using the social media platforms that you have agreed to receive such alerts on to various opportunities or offers available at the relevant iCoffee Business;
unless you select otherwise, to allow iCoffee Businesses with whom you have signed up for a loyalty scheme or reward program to download your personal information for the purposes of maintaining that loyalty scheme and otherwise providing iCoffee Benefits to you;
to track and manage the points you’ve earned at iCoffee Businesses;
to track and manage the iCoffee Offers you have saved and redeemed;
verification of your identity as a iCoffee Member;
where we have collected time and location based information from your use of the iCoffee Website iCoffee Application and iCoffee Loyalty Card, to send you information on various opportunities and offers from iCoffee Businesses, and/or iCoffee Offers in a particular locality;
to monitor, develop, and improve the Website, iCoffee Application iCoffee Benefits and iCoffee Offers, and ensure that they are presented in the most effective manner for the user;
to keep the Website, iCoffee Application iCoffee Benefits and iCoffee Offers relevant and of interest to users;
to investigate any complaints relating to the misuse of the Website and/or Customer Application;
responding to any queries and/or comments you have sent to us; and
such other use that you authorise.
You will have the option to choose not to receive certain types of email communications from us or a iCoffee Business. Any emails we send or a iCoffee Business sends will also always contain a link at the bottom enabling you to be removed from our general mailing list or you can unsubscribe via your iCoffee member account page. If you elect not to receive emails or ask to be removed from a mailing list we may still send you emails where it is necessary to inform you of changes to the iCoffee Benefits or the way the membership, Website, iCoffee Application iCoffee Loyalty Card or iCoffee Offers are to operate.
3. Disclosure of Information
We will only share your personal information with a iCoffee Business, where:

you have authorised that iCoffee Businesses to send communications to you;
you have saved a iCoffee Offer offered by that iCoffee Business, to allow it to honour the iCoffee Offer; or
you have signed up for a loyalty scheme or rewards program with that iCoffee Business, to allow it to maintain and provide that loyalty scheme or rewards program, or otherwise provide you with iCoffee Benefits (including (without limit) to download and use your personal information to further that purpose);
We will only share personal information with other companies, organisations or individuals in the following limited circumstances:

as authorized by you;
as set forth in the relevant portion of the Website, iCoffee Application or within any agreement between us,
in our absolute discretion, any information we are required to disclose to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or government request.
to the relevant authorities, any internet search provider that you use to access the Website, and/or the applicable intellectual property rights holders (or their representatives) if we consider you are infringing the intellectual property rights of any person.
4. Cookies and Tracking
In order for iCoffee to ensure that we are providing the best possible consumer experience on the Website and within the iCoffee Application, we collect and track certain user information. When you visit the Website, our server may send a cookie to your computer. This cookie would be intended to store a limited amount of information about your site visit. The cookie tracks aggregate information on how our site is being used, including session counts, navigation patterns, and pages visited (Aggregate Data). These cookies, do not store any personal information as you browse the site. When you submit a question, we store your cookie identification in our system. This cookie allows our site to recognise you when you return.
iCoffee may also utilise Google Analytics to track Aggregate Data about how our site is being used and/or non-personal user interaction data (including how you interact with the content and marketing initiatives) when you use the iCoffee Application. Google Analytics track anonymous user information, including the number of visitors to the Website, operating systems, Internet Provider addresses (if publicly available), and browser type. Web Logs are maintained only on iCoffee servers and do not store or place anything on the user's computer. Please see http://www.google.com/analytics for more information.
iCoffee may sell, disclose or otherwise use Aggregate Data gathered on the Website or within the Customer Application to third parties for general marketing and demographic purposes. This data, when shared on an aggregated basis, does not include any of your personal information.
If you come to the iCoffee Website from an online banner ad, an anonymous identification number may be passed to the Website. This information cannot be used to gather any personal information about you. It will only allow us to track the overall effectiveness of our online advertising, marketing and banner advertisement campaigns.
5. Links
The Website and/or iCoffee Application may contain links to other websites or applications that are owned and operated by third parties that are not affiliated with us. When you use those links, you leave the Website or iCoffee Application (as applicable) and we are unable to control how the owners of the websites or applications you link to handle any information they gather about you, including their privacy practices and use of cookies. This Privacy Policy applies only to the Website and iCoffee Application and does not govern activities on linked websites or applications. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any other website or application you visit to understand its owner's practices on how it collects, uses and discloses your information.
6. Security
iCoffee uses extensive and sophisticated secure technology to protect your data and transmissions between you and iCoffee. Transmission between browsers and our web server is implemented using either Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology or iCoffee's proprietary mobile application that utilizes SSL-encrypted communication. This technology requires an SSL-capable browser. Although iCoffee has taken these reasonable and appropriate measures to ensure that your personal information is delivered and disclosed only as set out above, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be completely secure. iCoffee cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit or receive through the Website or iCoffee Application. These activities are conducted at your own risk.
7. Changes to Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change, alter or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and will update you of this by sending you a note to the contact details you have advised us of on registration or any update or these that you have advised us of and by updating the "last updated" notice beside the link to this Privacy Policy. If after we have done this you do not advise us that your wish to terminate your membership with iCoffee, then you agree to be bound by the amended Privacy Policy. You should check from time to time to see if this Privacy Policy has changed or not.
8. Holding, Correcting and Updating
Any personal information that you provide to us will be collected and held by us at iCoffee Tech Limited, 8 Railway St, Newmarket, Auckland, New Zealand. Under the Privacy Act 1993 you have rights of access and correction of personal information that we hold.
Although we take reasonable steps to ensure that all data we use is accurate, we depend on our users to update or correct their personal information whenever necessary. We allow users to correct or change their personal information online at any time and as often as necessary.
iCoffee may alter, modify or delete any information you submit to the Website or through the iCoffee Application if it believes, in its sole discretion, it is necessary or desirable to do so.
You may contact us to have your personal information deleted.
If you have any questions about how our services work or regarding this statement, Contact Us.
For information about New Zealand’s Privacy Act 1993 and how it protects the personal information of individuals in New Zealand, click here: http://www.legislation.govt.nz/act/public/1993/0028/latest/DLM296639.html.